=head1 NAME

DateTime::Calendar::Dreamspell - The great new DateTime::Calendar::Dreamspell!

=head1 VERSION

Version 0.01

=cut

our $VERSION = '0.01';


=head1 SYNOPSIS

Quick summary of what the module does.

Perhaps a little code snippet.

    use DateTime::Calendar::Dreamspell;

    my $foo = DateTime::Calendar::Dreamspell->new();
    ...

=head1 METHODS / SLOTS / ACCESSORS

=head2 CONSTRUCTORS

=head3 new

=head3 now

Calls C<new> with the year, month, and day from C<< DateTime->now >>.

=head3 from_object

Creates a DateTime::Calendar::Dreamspell instance from any object that answers the method calls C<< year >>, 
C<< month >>, C<< day >>.

=head2 OTHERS

=head3 year

Returns the B<Dreamspell> year from the C<< DateTime::Calendar::Dreamspell >> instance.

=head3 moon

Returns an integer corresponding to the current moon.

=head2 PRIVATE METHODS

=head3 BUILD

(called automatically upon object construction)

This method binds the C<dt> slot of the object to a L<DateTime> object.



=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc DateTime::Calendar::Dreamspell


You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * RT: CPAN's request tracker

L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=DateTime-Calendar-Dreamspell>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/DateTime-Calendar-Dreamspell>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/DateTime-Calendar-Dreamspell>

=item * Search CPAN

L<http://search.cpan.org/dist/DateTime-Calendar-Dreamspell/>

=back


=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


=head1 AUTHOR

Terrence Brannon, C<< <metaperl at gmail.com> >>

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to C<bug-datetime-calendar-dreamspell at rt.cpan.org>, or through
the web interface at L<http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=DateTime-Calendar-Dreamspell>.  I will be notified, and then you'll
automatically be notified of progress on your bug as I make changes.



=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2009 Terrence Brannon, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.


=cut
